ASA -  PolicySync Cleanup (#3885)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/projects/index.md

### Update a Server on a Project

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers/${server_id}" />

> Updates a Server on a Project. This endpoint is intended for use with the PolicySync feature, see [PolicySync: Attribute-Based Access Control](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=asa&id=ext-asa-policysync).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a Server on a Project. This endpoint is used for the PolicySync feature, see [PolicySync: Attribute-Based Access Control](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=asa&id=ext-asa-policysync).
```
The help doc alias is not available yet?

Author: Should be live this week.
